Add headline feature for API fetch all (#1605)
theforeman/theforeman.org: _includes/manuals/nightly/1.2_release_notes.md

### Headline features

#### API pagination supports 'all'

> Foreman API resource listings support pagination. Foreman 2.2 introduces 'all' value for `per_page` parameter, that can be usefull on simple resources to fetch all records in one request.

Reviewer: How about something like:
```suggestion
Foreman API resource listings support pagination. Foreman 2.2 introduces 'all' as a valid value for the `per_page` parameter which can can be used fetch all records in one request. The returned data structure is unchanged and contains pagination information for a consistent API experience. Care must be taken since some requests might be very expensive but it's a better alternative than specifying a very high number with the same goal.
```

Perhaps @melcorr has some suggestions about this as well.

Author: Sounds much better :+1:
Any other suggestions welcome though.
